Eye problems and problem nine and 10 here for nine we have a wire contains a steady state current of
two amps the number of electrons that pass a cross-section in two seconds is what.
So again you imagine you have just a segment of the wire here.
And if you kind of just slice it and you would count all the electrons so again if we have a current
kind of going through it current I go on like this Well you know electrons are going in the opposite
direction to draw some of those and they're moving in this direction by how many electrons What is the
number that you would get.
Well so again we're going to start with our definition of the current.
We know that equals to two and we know that this current is by definition it's the charge divided by
the time.
So the amount of charge now that's going to go by in two seconds it's going to be two which is the current
multiplied by the amount of time which is two.
So we're actually going to get four cool ohms of charge that's the total charge that's going to go by.
Well that's a lot of charge because if you remember each electron has a charge of 1.6 times tend to
the negative 19 Coolum that's really per electron.
Or let me just write it like this per electron.
All right.
So the way now you get the total number of electrons.
Well again this here has to be this for Coolum must be equal to a number and multiplied by the charge
of each electron.
So all we have to do then to get our number and the number of electrons that goes take are four and
divide it by 1.6 times tend to the negative 19 and at the end what we're going be left with is you should
get 2.5 times 10 of the 19.
So it should be a big number actually.
Get rid of those.
Those don't make any sense.
And then they get the right answer.
Use the calculator in order to get that.
OK.
For problem 10 now is a certain resistor dissipates 0.5 Watts when it's connected to the 3PL potential
difference one connected to a 1 volt potential difference.
The resistor is going to dissipate what let's just draw a little circuit here just for this kind of
a simple problem.
But you know sometimes if you're stuck just drawing a little bit of a diagram some times will help.
So we have a resistance and we have our three volt in case one in case two we're going to use the same
resistance.
All right.
Except we're swapping out the battery.
We're going to use a 1 volt battery this time but the resistance is going to be the same.
So automatically you should know that the current is going to be the different in each case.
And if you want to know the power dissipated again we had three ways to calculate the power since the
resistance is not changing.
I would probably suggest just writing a power Beezus form for the power dissipated through this resistor
is going to be something like this.
So for Case Number one what you can do here is you could calculate what the value of the resistance
is right away because you know the power dissipated.
You know it's a 3 volt potential difference.
So the resistance simply going to be v squared divided by P..
So for this guy here the value of the resistance V squared gives me nine and divided by 0.5.
That should give me 18 ohms.
OK so now what do I have to do.
Now I just basically just work backwards right.
Because we want to know how much power is going to be dissipated in this case.
Now we know the value of the resistance is the same equation V squared over our V in this case is 1
squared it's still 1 and divided by 18.
And this will give you a number in Watts.
I put that in the calculator you should get choice D has the correct answer for that OK.
So that's how you solve that one.